Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hmm.
Ha.
- Ha.
Oh.
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh
Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ I'm crazy flowing over
With ideas ♪
♪ A thousand ways to woo
A lover so sincere ♪
♪ Love and hate
What a beautiful combination ♪
♪ Sending shivers
Up and down my spine ♪
♪ For every Casanova
That appears ♪
♪ My sense of hesitation
Disappears ♪
♪ Love and hate
What a beautiful combination ♪
♪ Sending shivers
Up and down my spine ♪
♪ And the lovers
That you sent for me ♪
♪ Didn't come with
Any satisfaction guarantee ♪
♪ So I return them
To the sender ♪
♪ And the note attached
Will read ♪
♪ How I love to hate you ♪
♪ I love to hate you ♪
♪ The creatures of nature
Live nobly among us ♪
Walk proud and stand tall ♪
♪ Friend of the redwood ♪
♪ The elm. oak and willow ♪
♪ Through winter and spring
And through summer and fall ♪
♪ The creatures of nature
Don't care if you like them ♪
♪ The creatures don't care
For your skyscraper scrawl ♪
♪ Stewards of forests
And rivers and mountains ♪
♪ All cohabituating
In Grand Guignol ♪
♪ To go against Nature
Is to face its fury ♪
♪ From ancient Pompeii
To Hurricane Paul ♪
♪ Chaos is order
The order of nature ♪
♪ Through winter and spring
And through summer and fall ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ They came here before us
And shall be long after ♪
♪ Till the world
Finally reaches ♪
♪ Its last curtain call ♪